README.md, before:

# Rock Paper Scissor Lizard Spock

### Gianpaolo Reinares
### 12/12/2024
# "Project - Rock Paper Scissor Lizard Spock"
### Description: 

- You are to make Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock game.
- Here are the requirements:
    * 1v1 and 1vCPU
    * Prototype for this work or a detailed flow chart to illustrate the logic or both!
    * Different modes: 1 win / 3 out of 5 / 4 out of 7
    * Single Page or Multiple page Application for Desktop
    * Must have a way to show the rules of the game
    * Must be designed, on Github, and Hosted on Vercel

- Game Rules:
    * Scissors cuts paper.
    * Scissors decapitates lizard.
    * Rock crushes lizard.
    * Rock crushes scissors.
    * Paper covers rock.
    * Paper disproves Spock.
    * Lizard poisons Spock.
    * Lizard eats paper.
    * Spock smashes scissors.
    * Spock vaporizes rock.

- On CPU mode - use any one the following random APIcalls : 
    * Use your created API call to generate the CPU response 

- Things to turn in:
    * Code, zipped
    * Figma link and/or Flowchart PDF
    * Vercel and Github links in comments section
    * Azure Links to API and Hosted Site section
    * Peer review

Be Creative and Have Fun!
> Notes: 

### _GitHub Repository Link:_
[Rock Paper Scissor Lizard Spock GitHub Repository Link](https://github.com/MandoxaElemental/Rock-Paper-Scissor-Lizard-Spock-Project)
### _Vercel Link:_
[Vercel Link](https://rock-paper-scissor-lizard-spock-project.vercel.app/)
### _Azure Link:_
[Azure Link](https://greinaresrpsls-f0gkb5h3ftcbe2e3.westus-01.azurewebsites.net/gameplay/RPSLS)

This has been Peer Reviewed By: Juan Heredia
> Comments: Really nice design! PVE and PVP works just fine, my only real criticism is that pokedex and extras don't really seem to do anything

Commit message:

Added some notes to read me

README.md, after:

# Rock Paper Scissor Lizard Spock

### Gianpaolo Reinares
### 1/18/2024
# "Project - Rock Paper Scissor Lizard Spock"
### Description: 

- You are to make Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock game.
- Here are the requirements:
    * 1v1 and 1vCPU
    * Prototype for this work or a detailed flow chart to illustrate the logic or both!
    * Different modes: 1 win / 3 out of 5 / 4 out of 7
    * Single Page or Multiple page Application for Desktop
    * Must have a way to show the rules of the game
    * Must be designed, on Github, and Hosted on Vercel

- Game Rules:
    * Scissors cuts paper.
    * Scissors decapitates lizard.
    * Rock crushes lizard.
    * Rock crushes scissors.
    * Paper covers rock.
    * Paper disproves Spock.
    * Lizard poisons Spock.
    * Lizard eats paper.
    * Spock smashes scissors.
    * Spock vaporizes rock.

- On CPU mode - use any one the following random APIcalls : 
    * Use your created API call to generate the CPU response 

- Things to turn in:
    * Code, zipped
    * Figma link and/or Flowchart PDF
    * Vercel and Github links in comments section
    * Azure Links to API and Hosted Site section
    * Peer review

Be Creative and Have Fun!
> Notes: Followed the comments in the peer review and added the Pokedex and Extra Features;

### _GitHub Repository Link:_
[Rock Paper Scissor Lizard Spock GitHub Repository Link](https://github.com/MandoxaElemental/Rock-Paper-Scissor-Lizard-Spock-Project)
### _Vercel Link:_
[Vercel Link](https://rock-paper-scissor-lizard-spock-project.vercel.app/)
### _Azure Link:_
[Azure Link](https://greinaresrpsls-f0gkb5h3ftcbe2e3.westus-01.azurewebsites.net/gameplay/RPSLS)

This has been Peer Reviewed By: Juan Heredia
> Comments: Really nice design! PVE and PVP works just fine, my only real criticism is that pokedex and extras don't really seem to do anything
